Phishing generic v3 non malicious emails (#33411)
demisto/content: Packs/Phishing/ReleaseNotes/3_6_13.md

#### Playbooks

##### Phishing - Generic v3

> - Added new input to decide if analyst should review the incidents with non malicious emails before closure or not..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new input to set automatic closure if the email was defined as non-malicious. The default setting will require the analyst to review the incident.
```
